---
layout: post
title: "A.M. Khalifa - Terminal Rage"
date: 2018-10-22 08:55:01
image: 'https://images.gr-assets.com/books/1375211427l/18271349.jpg'
description: "Fast-paced thrillers are great. They keep you turning page after page after page after... You get the point. Goodreads proposed I'd read <em>Terminal Rage</em> as it goes along with other books that I've read over the year. Goodreads, you were right."
category: 'Review'
tags:
    - Fiction
blog: 'reading'
---
There's a lot going on in this book. From a terrorist hostage situation to an Egyptian prison worse than Guantanamo and a torture van in London. Anything you'd want from a thriller is in this book. Except maybe a few things.

But before I get to those, here's some praise. Khalifa has done a great job with the character development in this book. I love how Alexander and Sam develop. It's very hard to find out which of them is the protagonist in this novel. That's meant as a compliment: it's a job well done.

Also, the plot twists take you on an emotional roller coaster that leaves you thinking. <em>"What if it happened to me"</em> is one of the questions asked in this book and it's one that rings in your head long after the story is over. This book is a masterpiece.

Every good book has it's bad parts. For me those were the unused dialogs and story fillings that could have been left out. For instance, there is a backstory between Alexander and Monica that in the begin seems to have great significance. In the end though, it doesn't really. There's a discussion between Alexander and his children that seems to suggest more of his personal life will be revealed thereafter, but it doesn't. I know I'm nitpicking, but I had to get it off my chest.  

How about a fun fact? This is A.M. Khalifa's first book. Wow. So what that he left in some pointers or discussions that seemed to add nothing to the story. I'm looking forward to reading more of this author. I can't believe I hadn't spotted this ✩✩✩✩✩ stars book earlier! I'm hoping someday there's a follow-up book. That would be awesome.

Did you read <em>Terminal Rage</em>? Did you like it? Or did you hate it? Leave a comment and let me know!